Skull_001 Manual:

Skull_001 has a very intuitive and minimalistic interface, only two pots and 5 buttons. You can hold, single press and double press a button to enter different modes. The last button to the right is the SHIFT.

The on/off switch is on the upper left, if there is something saved the led blinks blue on start-up, if there is nothing saved the led blinks orange.

Double press:

If you double press one button you enter a menu ( led blinks), to exit single press SHIFT.

Button 1 (Double Press): PULSE WAVE 1

The first pot controls the dutycycle.

The second pot controls the detune, the first half of this pot is positive detune, the second half is negative.

Button 2 (Double Press): PULSE WAVE 2  

Same as the first pulse wave.

Button 3 (Double Press): SAW WAVE   

The first pot enables the saw wave, left: off, right: on.                                 

The second one controls the detune in the same way as the pulse wave.

Button 4 (Double Press): ENVELOPE                                                                              

The first pot controls the attack time.                                                       

The second pot controls the release time.

Button 5(Double Press): VOLUME and LPF                                                                    

The first pot controls the volume.                                                              

The second pot controls the low pass filter cutoff frequency.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 1 (Double Press): LFO                                     

The first pot controls the lfo frequency.                                                       

The second pot controls the lfo modulation amount.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 2 (Double Press): LFO

The first pot controls the lfo wave, left: triangle, center: sawtooth, right: square.

The second pot controls the lfo destination, left: oscillator pitch, center: pwm, right: lpf cutoff.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 3 (Double Press): SEQUENCER                           

The first pot controls the number of steps in the sequencer.                   

The second pot controls the sequencer play mode.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 4 (Double Press): SAVE AND ERASE                 

The first pot controls the save function, swing the pot left to right 2 times to save.                                                                                                         

The second pot controls the erase function, swing the pot left to right 2 times to erase.

Single Press:

Button 1 (Single Press): Retrigger step 0.                                                         

Button 2 (Single Press): Retrigger n_step * ( 1 / 4 ).

Button 3 (Single Press): Retrigger n_step * ( 1 / 2 ).

Button 4 (Single Press): Retrigger n_step * ( 3 / 4 ).

Button 5 (Single Press): Stop and play of the sequencer.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 1 (Single Press): general detune minus one semitone.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 2 (Single Press): general detune plus one semitone.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 3 (Single Press): increment sequencer tempo.

SHIFT (Hold) + Button 4 (Single Press): decrement sequencer tempo.

Hold:

Button 1 (Hold):                                                                                                  

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 1.                                                   

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 2.

Button 2 (Hold):                                                                                                  

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 3.                                                    

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 4.

Button 3 (Hold):                                                                                                  

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 5.                                                  

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 6.

Button 4 (Hold):                                                                                                  

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 7.                                                   

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 8.

Button 5 (Hold):                                                                                                  

The first pot controls the tempo of the sequencer.                                     

The second pot controls the note duration.

Button 1 (Hold) + Button 2 (Hold):                                                                               

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 9.                                                 

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 10.

Button 2 (Hold) + Button 3 (Hold):                                                                                

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 11.                                                  

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 12.

Button 3 (Hold) + Button 4 (Hold):                                                                              

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 13.                                                

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 14.

Button 4 (Hold) + Button 5 (Hold):                                                                              

The first pot controls the pitch of step: 15.                                               

The second pot controls the pitch of step: 16. 


FIN
